---
title: "Session 0: Discovery"
description: In which a world is created.
---

## Discovery

In which a world is created. We developed our [Theories]({{ '/main/theories.html' | relative_url }}) and the setting came together.

### Rumors for Session 1
* The ruins of Rohesia, lost just a few decades ago, have been spotted emerging from the Dark.
* The city of Quelimane in the periphery has a bad shortage of grain.
* An expedition sent by the Unseen to explore caverns below Luxor in the periphery have become trapped and are in need of help. Locals are not equipped for spelunking.

### General options:
* Expedition into [The Dark]({{ '/locations/dark.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What rumours have you heard about your destination?
* City mission in [Aynuk]({{ '/locations/jazirat.html' | relative_url }}).
  * Intrigue/diplomacy, stealth, or intimidation?
* Trade mission to [The Periphery]({{ '/locations/periphery.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What kind of goods are you transporting? What's the place you're trying to get to, and what makes you think you know where it is?
* Discovery: A new discovery session is always an option, for example to define a new region.
  * What are we most excited to learn about?
* Bottle episode: Roleplay-focused episodes are welcome for nights when the group is in the mood for it. Shipboard hijinks, hometown visits, whatever.
  * Where are you? Who is with you? What's everyone excited/concerned about?
* Hero smash: If the group is having a night (...or week) where they want less thinking and more heroic smashing, we can always create a combat-focused mission.
  * No question, just smash.
