---
title: "Session 1: Bones of Rohesia"
description: In which a lost town is found and a ghost girl did not have time for this mess.
---

## {{page.title}}

The party explored the ruins of Rohesia. After landing on the wrong side of the island, they navigated through the dense woods to the abandoned farmlands and finally ruined town that was once knows as Rohesia. 

There, they encounter a strange undead presence which attempted to fight them off with skeletal guards, then tried to sneak away, then tried to recruit them to help with "her work". The crew rejected her and attempted to destroy her. Just as she seemed about to reach the edge of the forest, a pair of incredible bowshots from the Drifter banished the spectral girl.

### Rumors for Session 1
* The ruins of Rohesia, lost just a few decades ago, have been found. They were occupied by undead creatures pursuing unknown purposes.
* The city of Quelimane in the periphery has a bad shortage of grain.
* An expedition sent by the Unseen to explore caverns below Luxor in the periphery have become trapped and are in need of help. Locals are not equipped for spelunking.

### General options:
* Expedition into [The Dark]({{ '/locations/dark.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What rumours have you heard about your destination?
* City mission in [Aynuk]({{ '/locations/jazirat.html' | relative_url }}).
  * Intrigue/diplomacy, stealth, or intimidation?
* Trade mission to [The Periphery]({{ '/locations/periphery.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What kind of goods are you transporting? What's the place you're trying to get to, and what makes you think you know where it is?
* Discovery: A new discovery session is always an option, for example to define a new region.
  * What are we most excited to learn about?
* Bottle episode: Roleplay-focused episodes are welcome for nights when the group is in the mood for it. Shipboard hijinks, hometown visits, whatever.
  * Where are you? Who is with you? What's everyone excited/concerned about?
* Hero smash: If the group is having a night (...or week) where they want less thinking and more heroic smashing, we can always create a combat-focused mission.
  * No question, just smash.
