---
title: "Session 10: Catch Up With Drop"
description: In which our heroes join Drop in a catch up with her old mentor.
---

## {{page.title}}

Drop, Stitch, and Finn showed up at the local church of Light where Mr. Mento Dementor plays bingo. An elderly woman with a frankly ridiculous huge backpack awkwardly joined them, botching their slick introduction, but Mento was stunned to find his old pupil suddenly reappeared at the bingo hall.

Mento and Drop tried to sneak out of the church, but the pastor interrupted them. Nonetheless, they awkwardly made their exit back to the Dementor residence to talk.

He told her all about the closely kept secret of the Ministry -- their sacrifice of special children, raised from birth to keep the Lighthouse running. Her mother had been one of them, linked up with Mento through a friend to arrange her escape from the Ministry.

He's not sure exactly what, but something went wrong, and rather than escaping with her newborn, Drop's mother was forced to send the child down to their rendezvous point alone.

Drop's mentor gave her an old memento from her mother: a ring hanging from a simple necklace, which she's seen is one of a pair in a dream/memory/vision.

Back in the church, Finn and Stitch got to know Dr. Steiner, the interloper at their table, and Stitch was allowed to cheat his way into a slappy hand prize. Dr. Steiner was intrigued by the adventurers, and became Stitch's new roommate.

## Rumors
* The ruins of Rohesia are home to a portal to the Fade, currently reburied at the request of the Eternals.
* The city of Quelimane in the periphery is suffering from a terrible famine. Some say terrorists of the Defiant are responsible.
* The party has rescued or identified all of the Unseen researchers that had been lost beneath Luxor, and recovered a large stone key that had been entombed there.
* Babis in the Periphery has become a hotspot in a war between two Lithics.
* There are reports of the failure of magic in the town of High Nest in the Periphery.
* Friends of Johnny have been captured by a Lithic cult in Aynuk.
* Drop has been pursued by agents of the Ministry of Light since her childhood.
* The Defiant have been drumming up support in Aynuk, emboldened by a charismatic new voice warning of a new threat: Johnny.

### General options:
* Expedition into [The Dark]({{ '/locations/dark.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What rumours have you heard about your destination?
* City mission in [Aynuk]({{ '/locations/jazirat.html' | relative_url }}).
  * Intrigue/diplomacy, stealth, or intimidation?
* Trade mission to [The Periphery]({{ '/locations/periphery.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What kind of goods are you transporting? What's the place you're trying to get to, and what makes you think you know where it is?
* Discovery: A new discovery session is always an option, for example to define a new region.
  * What are we most excited to learn about?
* Downtime: If people want to allow the passage of time and have their characters pursuing some downtime activities (like researching something, training, building things, etc). This combines well with Discovery or Bottle eps to fill up a shorter session.
  * What are you trying to accomplish? How long do you think it wil take?
* Bottle episode: Roleplay-focused episodes are welcome for nights when the group is in the mood for it. Shipboard hijinks, hometown visits, whatever.
  * Where are you? Who is with you? What's everyone excited/concerned about?
* Hero smash: If the group is having a night (...or week) where they want less thinking and more heroic smashing, we can always create a combat-focused mission.
  * No question, just smash.
