---
title: "Session 16: Revenge"
description: In which our heroes support Stitch's revenge on the lab that cruelly experimented on him.
---

## {{page.title}}

### Part 1

Our heroes made preparations in Aynuk before reboarding the flagship to begin their assault. After crashing the ship through the outer wall of the lab, they descended into the sub-basement while the robots kept the guards occupied.

Dr. Steiner and Mordecai were already below, having infiltrated via different means earlier... and with different results. Mordecai was confronted by a suspicious guard once the ship arrived, but soon convinced the guard to mind his own business and made his way to the lowest basement to help Steiner. 

Steiner had just managed to free herself from the cage she'd been rudely confined to by "knocking out" a guard who came too close, and began freeing other prisoners. One calm-seeming humanoid stepped out wordlessly and did not respond to anything she said, while another agreed to leave them alone and make his escape.

Mordecai somehow missed the presence of anything of value in the main office, including any sniveling old scientists who may or may not have been hiding under their desks. Unfortunately, said scientist commanded the previously calm humanoid to fight, and they split into 3 before engaging with Steiner and Mordecai in a tough match.

Stitch and the rest of the crew confronted the creature who Steiner had freed and did not allow it to escape. Then they rejoined Mordecai and Steiner below and helped them deal with the mirror-monks. Mordecai had easily dispatched the head scientist, so is that the end of the lab??

### Part 2

(Narrator voice) It was not, in fact, the end of the lab...

Our heroes opened several of the cages and put the experimental subjects inside out of their miseries. While Stitch doused the head scientist's lab with oil and watched it burn, the others opened the lead cage and freed the floating, many eyed humanoid contained within. Though being nearby this entity was painful, it did not seem hostile, so Mordecai and Steiner were going to let it float away. Elthing and Stitch had other ideas however, and pursued and eliminated creature before it could get to the stairwell.

Then the lights went out, and the area was lit only by the flames from the office. Someone or something began releasing more experiments from their cages, and attacked Stitch. Omega finally showed their face, and commended Stitch for proving to be a worthwhile experiment after all... and returning to be consumed.

### Part 3

Omega was fast and tricky and ruthless, but the our heroes were prepared. Stitch activated the timed explosives he'd had his robots placing throughout the lab, determined to see his nemesis destroyed. He warned the other to escape, then he and his robots managed eventually to force Omega into the cage he'd built to contain the many-eyed experiment Omicron. Unable to use magic to escape the lead-lined trap of his own design, he was stuck while the timer on the explosives counted down.

The other heroes ran out of the building or joined Elthing in a strange dimensional pocket that shielded them from the blast, which levelled the warehouse containing the secret lab and evaporated any physical trace of Stitch and Omega. Stitch felt his consciousness drift away, drawn back to the airship with which he'd bonded, but used the last traces of his conscious sense of self to eradicate the consciousness of Omega rather than allow that parasite to continue to haunt the world.

## Rumors
* The ruins of Rohesia are home to a portal to the Fade, currently reburied at the request of the Eternals.
* The city of Quelimane in the periphery is recovering from their strange famine.
* The party has rescued or identified all of the Unseen researchers that had been lost beneath Luxor, and recovered a large stone key that had been entombed there.
* Babis in the Periphery has become a hotspot in a war between two Lithics.
* There are reports of the failure of magic in the town of High Nest in the Periphery.
* Friends of Johnny have been captured by a Lithic cult in Aynuk. They seem to be safe, and their "captors" seem very interested in finding Samuel Carter and his key.
* Drop has been pursued by agents of the Ministry of Light since her childhood.
* The Defiant have been drumming up support in Aynuk, emboldened by a charismatic new voice warning of a new threat: Johnny.
