---
title: "Session 2: Beneath Luxor"
description: In which our heroes rescue Unseen researchers from a metallic beast from a bygone age. Well, rescue some of them at least. One. They rescued one.
---

## {{page.title}}

The party explored the caves below Luxor where some researchers sent by the Unseen had gone missing. They were attacked at first by one of the missing people they'd come to rescue, and left the poor soul perforated and buried in the mud.

Exploring deeper, they found two more explorers and a monstrous human-shaped creature of metal who tried to crush Sivv with its Goblin-sized fists.

### Rumors for Session 1
* The ruins of Rohesia, lost just a few decades ago, have been found. They were occupied by undead creatures pursuing unknown purposes.
* The city of Quelimane in the periphery has a bad shortage of grain.
* The party has rescued Ugen Susa of the Unseen from the caves below Luxor. He was trapped there for weeks and is not sure if others survived, and has described more dangerous creatures like the metallic beast you defeated to rescue him.
* A shipment expected from the mining town of Babis in the Periphery has still not arrived in Ayluk after several weeks.

### General options:
* Expedition into [The Dark]({{ '/locations/dark.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What rumours have you heard about your destination?
* City mission in [Aynuk]({{ '/locations/jazirat.html' | relative_url }}).
  * Intrigue/diplomacy, stealth, or intimidation?
* Trade mission to [The Periphery]({{ '/locations/periphery.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What kind of goods are you transporting? What's the place you're trying to get to, and what makes you think you know where it is?
* Discovery: A new discovery session is always an option, for example to define a new region.
  * What are we most excited to learn about?
* Downtime: If people want to allow the passage of time and have their characters pursuing some downtime activities (like researching something, training, building things, etc). This combines well with Discovery or Bottle eps to fill up a shorter session.
  * What are you trying to accomplish? How long do you think it wil take?
* Bottle episode: Roleplay-focused episodes are welcome for nights when the group is in the mood for it. Shipboard hijinks, hometown visits, whatever.
  * Where are you? Who is with you? What's everyone excited/concerned about?
* Hero smash: If the group is having a night (...or week) where they want less thinking and more heroic smashing, we can always create a combat-focused mission.
  * No question, just smash.
