---
title: "Session 3: The Buried Key"
description: In which Professor Jeong of the Unseen is separated from a strange key and both are recovered from the strange tomb beneath Luxor.
---

## {{page.title}}

After discussing the matter with Ugen Susa aboard the First Light, our heroes returned to the caves beneath Luxor to try to rescue the remaining researchers.

### Rumors
* The ruins of Rohesia, lost just a few decades ago, have been found. They were occupied by undead creatures pursuing unknown purposes. According to the undead, Heaven's Grasp had been there as well.
* The city of Quelimane in the periphery has a bad shortage of grain.
* The party has rescued or identified all of the Unseen researchers that had been lost beneath Luxor, and recovered a large stone key that had been entombed there.
* A shipment expected from the mining town of Babis in the Periphery has still not arrived in Ayluk after several weeks.

### General options:
* Expedition into [The Dark]({{ '/locations/dark.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What rumours have you heard about your destination?
* City mission in [Aynuk]({{ '/locati8ons/jazirat.html' | relative_url }}).
  * Intrigue/diplomacy, stealth, or intimidation?
* Trade mission to [The Periphery]({{ '/locations/periphery.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What kind of goods are you transporting? What's the place you're trying to get to, and what makes you think you know where it is?
* Discovery: A new discovery session is always an option, for example to define a new region.
  * What are we most excited to learn about?
* Downtime: If people want to allow the passage of time and have their characters pursuing some downtime activities (like researching something, training, building things, etc). This combines well with Discovery or Bottle eps to fill up a shorter session.
  * What are you trying to accomplish? How long do you think it wil take?
* Bottle episode: Roleplay-focused episodes are welcome for nights when the group is in the mood for it. Shipboard hijinks, hometown visits, whatever.
  * Where are you? Who is with you? What's everyone excited/concerned about?
* Hero smash: If the group is having a night (...or week) where they want less thinking and more heroic smashing, we can always create a combat-focused mission.
  * No question, just smash.
