---
title: "Session 4: Faded Rohesia"
description: In which our heroes find a faded land.
---

## {{page.title}}

The party was sent back to the ruins of Rohesia to try to learn more about the undead threat. After some sick aerial tricks and mountain views, the party began to investigate the ruins of the town only to be lured away by the headstrong warrior Jack's pursuit of a mighty wolfpack.

Working together to take down the giant Alpha matriarch and patriarch of the pack, the party lost track of Samuel. Alone and single-mindedly following his obsession with the enchanted stone key from the caves beneath Luxor, he found himself opening the way to a strange mirrored world, nearly identical to the Rohesia he'd left but perfectly preserved and completely empty.

Zooming out as the first part of the episode drew to a close, we saw the tower of Devon's visions some distance away from the town.

### Part 2

Mordecai and Coal were trying to enjoy a shipboard breakfast on their day off, when a crackling sound drew their attention to ice crystallizing on Mordecai's bag. After playing it off for as long as possible, Coal finally investigated the bag at Mordecai's invitation. Brushing the freezing cold ring during the search, Coal began to hear a girl's voice and chose to wear the ring. The girl warned him that the party was in danger in the ruins below and told Coal about the history and dangers of the Fade as they set off to help.

In the Fade, Sam met Willow and Honeybee of the Heaven's Grasp, who first tried to get him to leave but then were keen to learn about the stone key and wanted Sam to come back with them to their town.

The rest of party, unable to locate Sam despite searching his last known location, were surprised to find a halfling among them named Berry, who asked them to return to their ship. Mordecai hid outside after running a private errand and tried to warn the crew that there were more interlopers lurking outside. 

After a few tense moments with Berry, the party was glad to see Sam returned through the portal. He convinced those present to join him through the portal -- but surprised the Heaven's Grasp delegation by cutting the portal off before they could join.

Further complicating things, the voice from the ring made it clear to Coal that her friends were on the way to help eliminate the Heaven's Grasp threat, and the voice in the key continues to guide Sam with inscrutable motives. With only Mordecai left in the mortal world to report back to the ship, and half the party finding themselves in the strange mirrored world, what will our heroes do next?

### Part 3

Hiding alone outside the buried church, Mordecai did not follow when the others called to him and so was not sure what happened when they went silent and the 3 Hands patrolling outside the church hurried inside. Creeping closer, he could hear no signs of a struggle and only the voices of the strangers. Fearing the worst, he began to lay a wicked trap.

_In the Fade, the party examined their new surroundings while Sam used the key to disrupt Willow's attempt to follow. They discovered strange physical properties through experimentation and religious artwork reminiscent of the Lithics but in which different figures are centered. Having bought a headstart, the group set off down the east road toward the tower._

Mordecai set out caltrops poisoned with the toxins from the frog he found earlier in the pond, spread oil, tossed a Molotov cocktail down the hole into the excavated portal room and then ran up to the top floor. As a pursuer appeared from below, he cast Darkness, plunging the room into impenetrable blackness. The first pursuer, not understanding what was happening, attempted to follow and fell victim to the traps.

_The adventurers in the Fade made their way through the eerily uniform forest to the large circular clearing around the tower. The tower rose to a sharp point high above them, made of a dark material that seemed featureless. As they approached it, arrows sailed toward them from the South road as Hands challenged them. Luckily Coal was disguised as Willow and was able to put them off-balance enough to at least stall an attack by accusing Berry of treason._

When another pursuer followed the first into the trap, Mordecai fired off the second part. First he set the oil alight with a thrown torch. Then he tossed a bag of flour down, triggering an explosion which caught everyone in the blast, even Mordecai himself. When his weakened pursuer finally escaped the zone of darkness, he closed in to finish her off. Unfortunately fate was unkind to Mordecai and his opponent, Berry, proved to be formidable despite being weakened by the traps and she finished Mordecai off in a flurry of deadly strikes. Luckily for Mordecai, his old friend the Ghost Girl is nearly arrived, and will surely be grateful for his assistance against the Heaven's Grasp... 

### Rumors
* The ruins of Rohesia are busy at the moment...
* The city of Quelimane in the periphery has a bad shortage of grain.
* The party has rescued or identified all of the Unseen researchers that had been lost beneath Luxor, and recovered a large stone key that had been entombed there.
* A shipment expected from the mining town of Babis in the Periphery has still not arrived in Aynuk after several weeks.

### General options:
* Expedition into [The Dark]({{ '/locations/dark.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What rumours have you heard about your destination?
* City mission in [Aynuk]({{ '/locations/jazirat.html' | relative_url }}).
  * Intrigue/diplomacy, stealth, or intimidation?
* Trade mission to [The Periphery]({{ '/locations/periphery.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What kind of goods are you transporting? What's the place you're trying to get to, and what makes you think you know where it is?
* Discovery: A new discovery session is always an option, for example to define a new region.
  * What are we most excited to learn about?
* Downtime: If people want to allow the passage of time and have their characters pursuing some downtime activities (like researching something, training, building things, etc). This combines well with Discovery or Bottle eps to fill up a shorter session.
  * What are you trying to accomplish? How long do you think it wil take?
* Bottle episode: Roleplay-focused episodes are welcome for nights when the group is in the mood for it. Shipboard hijinks, hometown visits, whatever.
  * Where are you? Who is with you? What's everyone excited/concerned about?
* Hero smash: If the group is having a night (...or week) where they want less thinking and more heroic smashing, we can always create a combat-focused mission.
  * No question, just smash.
