---
title: "Session 5: Sailing for Babis"
description: In which our heroes search for Babis.
---

## {{page.title}}

### Part 1

Our heroes set out for Babis, a mining colony that hasn't been heard from in months. After stocking up on supplies and planning out responsibilities, they set out toward the last reported location of Babis.

* Navigator: Mordecai
* Cartographer: Sivv
* Sergeant: Drop From Sky
* Quartermaster: Jack
* Scout: H'trad

The first couple of days went smoothly, and Sivv and Jack even managed some sky-fishing. Three days into the expedition, they battled with a flock of hungry Pterosaur. On the fourth day, they saw signs of another airship nearby but did not locate it. They did, however, crack the case of the missing cheese. Drop followed the scent and found a pair of ratfolk children who'd stowed away in the bilge. She got them to agree to help out, washing dishes in the kitchen to help out Chef Jack. 

On the fifth day, they were surprise attacked by metal men who crashed onto the deck aboard a metal disc, dropped from a metal airship high above. They managed to defeat a few of the creatures before Mordecai tilted the ship, sending the last couple overboard with an assist from Jack.

Miraculously, they managed not lose a single crewmember, with Drop catching one injured crewman who nearly fell overboard after being revived by Sivv. Furthermore, as they recovered from the fight they spotted an island in the distance. Is it Babis? If so, what happened there? Find out next time in Part 2!

### Part 2

Coming Tuesday, 18 June

### Rumors
* The ruins of Rohesia are home to a portal to the Fade, currently reburied at the request of the Eternals.
* The city of Quelimane in the periphery is suffering from a terrible famine. Some say terrorists of the Defiant are responsible.
* The party has rescued or identified all of the Unseen researchers that had been lost beneath Luxor, and recovered a large stone key that had been entombed there.
* Babis in the Periphery has not been heard from in months, and interested parties are concerned that it may have fallen to the Darkness.
* There are reports of the failure of magic in the town of High Nest in the Periphery.

### General options:
* Expedition into [The Dark]({{ '/locations/dark.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What rumours have you heard about your destination?
* City mission in [Aynuk]({{ '/locations/jazirat.html' | relative_url }}).
  * Intrigue/diplomacy, stealth, or intimidation?
* Trade mission to [The Periphery]({{ '/locations/periphery.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What kind of goods are you transporting? What's the place you're trying to get to, and what makes you think you know where it is?
* Discovery: A new discovery session is always an option, for example to define a new region.
  * What are we most excited to learn about?
* Downtime: If people want to allow the passage of time and have their characters pursuing some downtime activities (like researching something, training, building things, etc). This combines well with Discovery or Bottle eps to fill up a shorter session.
  * What are you trying to accomplish? How long do you think it wil take?
* Bottle episode: Roleplay-focused episodes are welcome for nights when the group is in the mood for it. Shipboard hijinks, hometown visits, whatever.
  * Where are you? Who is with you? What's everyone excited/concerned about?
* Hero smash: If the group is having a night (...or week) where they want less thinking and more heroic smashing, we can always create a combat-focused mission.
  * No question, just smash.
