---
title: "Session 6: Aynuk Escapades"
description: In which our heroes pursue various goals in the great city of Aynuk.
---

## {{page.title}}

With a few weeks of shore leave and an instruction to do some legwork learning about the Defiant and their potential involvement in the situation in Quelimane, our heroes got up to a variety of hijinks.

* Lorenzo joined the Bard's College and together with Jack became the hot new act in town, performing at the Hoot n Booz, recruiting the city's richest and most impressionable youth to the Cult of Johnny. Lorenzo also learned a new trick or two from the library and other resources available through the College.
* Jack established a recruitment center for the cult, funded by one of the aforementioned socialites. They also suggested that they should meet with Taia at the next Defiant meeting at the Parsons Nose.
* Devon made contact with his patron... through heavy use of Purple Rain, the corrupted soulstone drug that gives vivid visions but becomes harder and harder to remember the more you use. Let's just say Devon may not remember much.
* Mordecai made a handoff to a nondescript messenger at the Hoot n Booz, and enlisted one of the city's fine universities to research the arm and base of one of the floating automatons defeated aboard the Lithic vessel near Babis.
* Coal, disguised as an Unseen clergyman, sought out a likely Draconic-speaking Dragonborn who brushed him off and stormed away. Coal followed across town to the Parsons Nose, where the Dragonborn met up with some friends. Coal asked them to translate Willow's journal, and was nearly caught up in a fight as the 3 became very defensive. Coal was able to disarm the situation though, escaping with his life, the journal, and a bit more knowledge than he'd entered with.

### Rumors
* The ruins of Rohesia are home to a portal to the Fade, currently reburied at the request of the Eternals.
* The city of Quelimane in the periphery is suffering from a terrible famine. Some say terrorists of the Defiant are responsible.
* The party has rescued or identified all of the Unseen researchers that had been lost beneath Luxor, and recovered a large stone key that had been entombed there.
* Babis in the Periphery has become a hotspot in a war between two Lithics.
* There are reports of the failure of magic in the town of High Nest in the Periphery.

### General options:
* Expedition into [The Dark]({{ '/locations/dark.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What rumours have you heard about your destination?
* City mission in [Aynuk]({{ '/locations/jazirat.html' | relative_url }}).
  * Intrigue/diplomacy, stealth, or intimidation?
* Trade mission to [The Periphery]({{ '/locations/periphery.html' | relative_url }}).
  * What kind of goods are you transporting? What's the place you're trying to get to, and what makes you think you know where it is?
* Discovery: A new discovery session is always an option, for example to define a new region.
  * What are we most excited to learn about?
* Downtime: If people want to allow the passage of time and have their characters pursuing some downtime activities (like researching something, training, building things, etc). This combines well with Discovery or Bottle eps to fill up a shorter session.
  * What are you trying to accomplish? How long do you think it wil take?
* Bottle episode: Roleplay-focused episodes are welcome for nights when the group is in the mood for it. Shipboard hijinks, hometown visits, whatever.
  * Where are you? Who is with you? What's everyone excited/concerned about?
* Hero smash: If the group is having a night (...or week) where they want less thinking and more heroic smashing, we can always create a combat-focused mission.
  * No question, just smash.
